- [Instructor] To further your knowledge of Docker,
I would say docs.docker.com is the ultimate resource.
I have gained all my understanding
primarily from Docker Docs, and it is very nicely organized,
where you can take a look at each and every
different component of Docker.
So for example, you can take a look at
Securing the Engine, Managing a Swarm, Admin Guide,
and so on and so forth.
That's very helpful.
Now, in the course we talked about Docker Swarm Mode,
which is orchestration built into the Docker Engine itself.
Now, there are lots of other container
orchestration frameworks.
I will touch upon a few of those,
just to kind of help you expand your knowledge
a little bit more.
Kubernetes is a production gate,
container orchestration framework.
This was originally started by Google.
Now, it has been donated to CNCF,
and that's where all the work is happening
for Kubernetes, so I would highly encourage you
to take a look at that.
DC/OS, this project was started in 2009,
and then over a period of time,
it has adapted Docker as a standard technology
on how you can deploy Dockerized applications on DC/OS.
Now, there's a commercial backing for this as well,
by the company Mesosphere.
Amazon also has a EC2 Container Service.
One of the biggest advantages of EC2 Container Service
is it's fully managed.
So you just go to the Amazon portal.
If you have an AWS account,
you spin up your containers.
Now their orchestration is closed-source,
but from your perspective, it's a fully managed service.
If you're looking at a platform.
Now let's say I want to pass for deploying my containers,
where you take care of CICD, build my pipelines,
take my job applications and deploy them,
Red Hat Openshift is a wonderful platform.
Now, this is based using Docker Containers,
and Kubernetes Orchestration platform.
So, just be wary of when you make your choices.
Thanks for watching.
I look forward to see where you take Docker
with your own projects.